---
layout: post
section-type: post
title: Defining goals 
category: Structuring
tags: [ 'electronics', ' vlsi', 'goals', 'motivation' ]

So this post is kind of in continuation to the first one. I realised as I put forward my motive of this blog, I must also put up the goals I am working towards.These are going to be really simply put.
1. Academic goals 
2. Health goals
3. Career goals

<b>1. Academic Goals</b> 
The past semester though went good enough, it didn't go as desired. I want to push the limits this time. Honestly speaking I did work hard for the midsems, but not hard enough.
And endsems were taken too casually, though I manged to score good in few subjects, I scored low in the rest. From an outsiders point of view, these might be decent scores, but I personally
feel, I didn't put in my full fight. So the past is now a past, but a learning experience- <b>To never stop hustling</b>.

Goal 1: <i>Get a SGPA greater than 9.</i>

<b><u>2. Health Goals</b> </u>
In last few months, I have been really casual over my health, the reason being the stress associated with semester. But the truth is lack of exercise ignited the stress further.
So this year onwards, I will focus on having an active lifestyle. The lateral aim is to shred some weight( 5kgs). I am infact plannig a 30 day challenge for the routine I am going 
to follow starting January 1. The three major changes in diet and exercise are:-
- eating fruits for lunch plus a healthy snack for salt
- strict no to MicMac ki maggi 
- EXERCISE! Yes, I haven't exercised a single bit since last 8 months.
Hopefully, these cumulatively will work the charm. 🤞 

Besides that, I need to increase my focus and concentration, hence 5 min of meditation at the beginner level.

Goal 2: <i> Loose 5 kgs before March end.</i>
Goal 3: <i> Become self aware, increase the concentration span upto 1 hr.</i>

<b><u>3. Career Goals</u></b>
Well this one is long. I have my placements starting in August. The company I am aiming for visits the campus in the first week itself. So I have exactly 7 months to prepare myself. This i definitely my top
priority among everything else. I can't emphasise how important it is for me, hence no compromise in the work I will put into this. 

Goal 4: <i> Get the job in the desired company by August this year.</i> 

Hope this new year goes as planned and be a defining year! 2020- New year, new decade, new beginnings! 🙌
